Brother Ye Xuan is so smart
Shut up simp
You see
He has been putting up with this for 13 years
How dark is that?
But Ye Xuan
My brother will still cry for the injured people
Will be for Wang County
The soldiers who guard and defend the country
In fact, when the first prince died
I also saw Brother Ye Xuan crying secretly
Oops you so
I still think
Brother Ye Xuan's heart is actually very kind
His calculation
scheming
Not when he was young
Forced out step by step
I don't know why.
My sister always complained about Brother Ye Xuan
You white-eyed wolf
Who are you standing with?
Who am I doing this for?
It's all for you
I'm not afraid that one day
Will he give up on you for his throne?
Strange to say
In fact, when I first met him
I also think he is quite handsome
After meeting you later
I subconsciously
I want to protect you, a mentally retarded child
It's like protecting another me
It's actually quite fulfilling for a strategist not to go to the battlefield
Then I have to protect my sister too
Sister, you have a lot of strange words, oops, don't learn them.
Sister, let me show you something
Do you remember this wooden hairpin?
Of course I remember
Isn't this what you got married with?
You give him a jade pendant.
He gave you a wooden hairpin.
Completely unequal value
Aren't you stupid and wronged?
No.
In fact, this hairpin means a lot to me
A woman found it as a baby before
I've been raising me ever since I was adopted.
After she died
This is the only token she left me
I remember now.
That tomb hairpin was broken by Ye Xuan
Grandpa told me
Now this hairpin
It's brother Ye Xuan
It took many days to polish it.
And there are a lot of small holes on his hands
I'm heartbroken.
So you just because of this
Put your utmost trust in him
Of course not.
The only people who can be trusted in this world are people
My senses have always been accurate
Like I think
Brother Ye Xuan, grandfather, and sister, you
You're all good people.
that
What about Ye Lin?
Not like good people
Humming, I see something and escape slightly